# KMLog
KMLog is an interactive cli application for interfacing with tools which collect typing dynamics 
### Table of Contents
**[Rationale](#rationale)**<br>
**[Code Breakdown](#code-breakdown)**<br>
**[Installation and Usage](#installation-and-usage)**<br>
**[License](#license)**<br>

## Rationale
The goal of this project was to create a sleek and lightweight interface to collect specific typing dynamics data 
## Code Breakdown
### The *"base"* folder
This folder holds python files that the cli needs to import such as:

- util.py: this file simply holds a utility function to pretty print "KMLog".
- user.py: this function holds a function to ask the user information about themselves and store that information in a MySQL database.
- sql.py: This file holds a wrapper class to make some sql operations (querying the database, and inserting into the database) slightly nicer.

### The *"tools"* folder
This folder holds the keylogger and mouse tracker to collect typing dynamics data.

### The *"logs"* folder
This folder holds the log files generated by the keylogger and/or the mouse tracker.
### The *".env"* file
The use of the .env file was a strategic decision to allow for future users of this code base to be able to adapt it to their needs with as little code modifications as possible. The use of the .env file also improves the secrecy and security associated with connecting to the mysql database as none of the connection information is wrote into the code, but rather read in from environment variables.
The .env file contains the following variables:
  - USERNAME: The username to connect to the database
  - PASSWORD: The password to connect to the database
  - DB_HOST: The host used to connect to the database
  - DB_NAME: The name of the database used for operations
  - TABLE: The name of the database table used for operations
## Installation and Usage

Clone this repository. After installing all necessary packages cd into the kmlog directory and run:

```bash
python3 cli.py
```

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)